I'm in Visual Studio code and I would
like to apply clang format to my hello
dot CPP file so I'm going to go to the
extensions and I'm going to search for
clang format I'm going to install it now
it's installed and it says files can be
formatted on demand by right-clicking in
the document and selecting format
document or by using the Associated
keyboard shortcut usually control shift
F on windows control shift I on Linux
and shift command F on Mac OS so I'm on
Linux so I want ctrl shift I and now if
I come here to hello dot CPP and I hit
ctrl shift I clang format actually puts
my one line hello world implementation
on the same line as my function
signature and if I save this and I
compile it and run it everything should
still work but I have clang formats
default formatting style